Cheesy Spinach-Zucchini Lasagna
Total Time = 1 hour 15 Minuets
Total Calories per Serving = 257
9 Servings

INGREDIENTS

3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 pound cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced
1 clove garlic, minced
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon ground pepper
1 (11 ounce) package baby spinach
1 large egg, lightly beaten
1 (15 ounce) container part-skim ricotta cheese
1 ½ cups shredded part-skim mozzarella, divided
1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, divided
1 25-ounce jar low-sodium marinara sauce, divided
6 sheets oven-ready lasagna noodles
1 medium zucchini, cut lengthwise into 1/8-inch planks
Chopped fresh basil and/or parsley for garnish



DIRECTIONS

1. Preheat oven to 375°F. Generously coat a 9-by-13-inch baking dish with cooking spray.

2. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms, garlic, salt and pepper and cook, stirring 
occasionally, until the mushrooms are tender and starting to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl.

3. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in the pan and add half the spinach. Cook, stirring frequently, until wilted, about 3 minutes. Add 
the remaining spinach by the handful and cook until it's all wilted, about 2 minutes more. Press the spinach to the side of the pan, 
squeezing out as much water as possible, and cook until the water is evaporated, 2 to 3 minutes more. Remove from heat.

4. Mix egg, ricotta, 1 cup mozzarella and 1/2 cup Parmesan in a medium bowl. Combine the remaining 1/2 cup each mozzarella and Parmesan in 
a small bowl. Spread 1 cup sauce in the prepared baking dish and top with a layer of 3 noodles. Spread 1 cup of the ricotta mixture over 
the noodles and top with the mushrooms. Spread the spinach over the mushrooms and top with another 1 cup sauce. Layer on the remaining 3 
noodles, followed by the remaining ricotta mixture. Layer zucchini on top, shingling if necessary, and spread the remaining sauce over the 
zucchini. Top with the reserved mozzarella mixture.

5. Bake the lasagna until bubbly and the cheese is beginning to brown, about 45 minutes. Let cool for at least 10 minutes before slicing. 
Garnish with basil and/or parsley, if desired.


