Authentic Egg Rolls Recipe
Total Time= 2 hrs 30 min
Calories= 169 per serving
20 servings

INGREDIENTS

4 teaspoons vegetable oil, divided
3 large eggs, beaten
1 medium head cabbage, finely shredded
½ carrot, julienned
1 pound Chinese barbequed or roasted pork, cut into matchsticks
1 (8 ounce) can shredded bamboo shoots
1 cup dried, shredded wood ear mushroom, rehydrated
2 green onions, thinly sliced
2 ½ teaspoons soy sauce
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
½ teaspoon monosodium glutamate (MSG)
1 (14 ounce) package egg roll wrappers
1 egg white, beaten
4 cups oil for frying, or as needed

DIRECTIONS

1. Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over medium heat. Pour in beaten eggs and cook, without stirring, until firmed 
up. Flip eggs over and cook for an additional 20 seconds to firm the other side. Set egg pancake aside to cool, then slice into thin 
strips.

2. Heat remaining vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Stir in cabbage and carrot; cook for 2 minutes to wilt. Add 
pork, bamboo shoots, mushroom, green onions, soy sauce, salt, sugar, and MSG; continue cooking until vegetables soften, about 6 minutes. 
Stir in sliced egg, then spread the mixture out onto a pan, and refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour.

3. To assemble the egg rolls: Place a wrapper onto your work surface with one corner pointing towards you. Place about 3 tablespoons of 
cooled filling in a heap onto the bottom third of the wrapper. Brush a little beaten egg white onto the top two edges of the wrapper, then 
fold the bottom corner over the filling and roll firmly to the halfway point. Fold the left and right sides snugly over the egg roll, then 
continue rolling until the top corners seal the egg roll with the egg white. Repeat with remaining egg roll wrappers, covering finished 
egg rolls with plastic wrap to keep from drying out.

4. Heat about 6 inches of oil in a wok or deep-fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).

5. Fry egg rolls 3 or 4 at a time until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels.