Flatbread
Total Time= 2 hours 45 minutes
Total Calories = 187 Calories

INGREDIENTS

2 teaspoons instant yeast
1 teaspoon granulated sugar
1 ¾ cup OR 14 ⅔ fl oz. warm water (about 100 degrees, warm but not hot to the touch) See NOTE
½ cup 4 fl oz. warm milk (about 100 degrees, warm but not hot to the touch)
1 Tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
2 teaspoons salt
6 cups 29 oz. bread flour -- keep ½ cup out and use as necessary.

Instructions
1. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook mix the yeast, sugar, water, milk and 2 cups of the flour until well combined.
2. Add another cup of flour, the salt, and the oil. Continue to mix. When that's mixed in gradually add the rest of the flour reserving 
the ½ cup. Continue mixing until a soft dough forms and the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl. The dough will be soft to the 
touch. Knead the dough for 5-6 minutes until it is soft and smooth.
3. Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl and cover with plastic wrap or shower cap. We save all of our shower caps when we travel just 
for this purpose. Let rise until doubled, about an hour.
4. Divide the dough in half and then in half again. Out of each half measure out 8 pieces. They will be about 3 oz. each. Form each piece 
into a tight ball. Cover with a cloth or plastic wrap and let the dough pieces rest for about 10 minutes -- this helps the dough relax so 
that it's easier to roll out.
5. Work with one piece at a time on a floured surface. With a rolling pin roll the dough from the center out. Turning the disc as you 
work. Roll the dough out to about ⅛-inch thick into a 6-inch circle. Cover with cloth as you work with another.
6. Heat a lightly oiled skillet to medium heat. When the skillet is hot, cook the flatbread for 2-3 minutes on the first side until it 
bubbles and puffs. Flip it over with tongs or spatula and cook on the second side until it is golden and spotty brown. Make sure the 
skillet is hot! If the bread cooks too long it won't bend and can turn out dry. The right amount of heat is 2-3 minutes per side.
7. Transfer the flatbread to a plate and cover with a towel. 8. Repeat with the remaining dough. We use two skillets so that the process 
goes faster.
9. The flatbread can be frozen with excellent results. We let it cool and wrap each flatbread with plastic wrap. Gently reheat in aluminum 
foil in a low oven. Our kids didn't wait for the reheating process - they were too anxious to get to the bread.


