Turkey-Mushroom Burgers with Scallion-Lemon Mayonnaise
Total Time = 55 minutes
Total Calories per Serving = 322
6 Servings

INGREDIENTS

2 slices whole-wheat sandwich bread, crusts removed, torn into pieces
8 ounces white mushrooms
3 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 medium onion, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 pound lean ground turkey breast (see Tips)
1 large egg, lightly beaten
3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill
1 ½ tablespoons whole-grain mustard
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon freshly ground pepper
6 whole-wheat buns
6 lettuce leaves
6 tomato slices
¼ cup nonfat sour cream
2 tablespoons low-fat mayonnaise
1 ½ tablespoons chopped scallions
½ teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest
1 teaspoon lemon juice
Pinch of salt, or to taste
Freshly ground pepper to taste



DIRECTIONS

1. To prepare burgers: Place bread in a food processor and pulse into fine crumbs. Transfer to a large bowl. Pulse mushrooms in the food 
processor until finely chopped.

2. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic and the mushrooms; cook, stirring 
occasionally, until tender and liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Add to breadcrumbs and let cool completely, 15 to 20 minutes.

3. Meanwhile, prepare mayonnaise: Combine sour cream, mayonnaise, scallions, lemon zest, lemon juice, pinch of salt, and pepper in a small 
bowl; whisk until blended.

4. Preheat grill to medium-high.

5. Add ground turkey, egg, dill, mustard, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper to the mushroom mixture; mix well with a potato 
masher. With dampened hands, form the mixture into 6 patties, 1/2 inch thick, using about 1/8 cup for each.

6. Oil the grill rack (see Tips). Brush the patties with the remaining 1 teaspoon oil. Grill until no longer pink in the center, about 5 
minutes per side. (An instant-read thermometer inserted in the center should register 165 degrees F.) Meanwhile, split buns and toast on 
the grill for 30 to 60 seconds. Serve burgers on buns with the mayonnaise, lettuce and tomato.